 And it's a wicked first ball wicked for the West Indies and the bad celebrate. A little bit of extra bounce generated by Willbidden McCoy. It's the outside edge as well so I just hang this back outside the offstab. A dream start by the West Indies. A little bit of extra bounce. And an excellent catch by Willbidden. Roy Chalmers goes for 0. It's a beautiful one. A little bit of extra bounce. A little bit of extra bounce. the first match. But if you're a West Indian fan, you won't mind having to wait for the start of this second match because straight away, West Indies gaining success a bit more coy. Using the ideal delivery to Roach Armour. This wasn't able to cover the angle from the left hand and that extra bounce. On target, no bit, McCoy. He's grown and started since his experience in the 2022 IPL, and accurate as a baller. It's a smart catch in the end by Akilo Sen. Yeah, time has jumped really well to the Akilo Sen. And again, just going by Roach Almas' reaction, you know that the bounce surprised him. Just the way he took his hand off the bat. Where is Biela Pudstart by the West Indies? To extremely talented Indian batters at the crease at the moment. Two batters who won't be faced by the fact that they've lost the wicked of the very first delivery of the synnings. To street the drive. Still, the batter is not off the mark. Not a very good delivery from Obed McCoy on target with his lengths. Not a low too much room for the Indian batters to free their arms. We're also from the four deliveries that Shreya says face so far. You can see that there's a little bit in the pitch because he hasn't got his timing spot on. There again. At the inside edge. Brilliant first over, a wicked and nor run. Get on up, I'm trying to get. Get on up, I'm trying to get. Japan at points battered her get the off at the pitch for me of arc as Juan nur is friends. already dismissed so little more responsibility on him. 24 is what it produced with the bat in the first game sky. Now the challenge of Alzari Joseph. I should come out as the kind of player who will go hard from all one but sometimes you've got to respect the conditions that out there. And I just think on this page, I think from what we've seen so far, you've got to give yourself just a wee bit of time because normally I'm one who subscribe to the theory that you go hard from all one in a T20 game. But you've got to respect the conditions out there. I'm with you Ron. Also, if there's a little bit of extra bounce on the surface, this pitch was properly prepared. I haven't had a lot of cricket in recent times so the curator here has had enough time to prepare this strip. Also the Western and Bullers are quite tall so there's a little bit of added bounce because of the hide factor that trajectory coming from very high. Yeah, but it's a good pitch. And it will allow you to play the shots like this. Yeah, just don't say give yourself a little bit of time to recommend other than that. The game says two balls. Third ball. On the rise. What a magnificent shot. It's not an easy shot to play because it wasn't over pitched. But that's just the quality. Off the man. Quality of batsmanship that you recommend. I have has on the rise and he's played that beautifully over long off the six. I'm going to lose for the single. Had another. Feeling will be quite crucial in this game. It's a relatively small. Playing arena. How will it work out? And this poor from. Tempting the run out. Haven't Thomas up kicking in up properly behind the Stumps. Very good work. He's who's seen. Yeah, that's one of his strengths from the Kumori A. Especially that on drive. It's got a wide range where he can play that shot. More often than not, he plays with a straight back. Just gets into the really good position as he plays that shot. That's another beautiful shot and the over. Carestit for six. To others gone, 17 for one. The next one. Ready signs of what is to come. Two sixes. Second one coming off the bat of three. So I really muscle it was about the timing using the piece from Alzari Joseph. Very good catch. The next one. Outside edge. Outside edge. Get to. Over at McCoy. Again, it's an angle that you were speaking about in the previous over that over at McCoy Bull. That angle away from the right hand. Throw it up there in fighting. So you're going to have an expansive drive. As it has to ball goes further away with that angle. It gets the outside edge. So the command goes for 11. It's 17 for two. I got here. It's崩 in the center. First left has Umber. Oh India at the crease. Second right-handed to be dismissed the angle going across. So you're Kumari Adaf doing the business and also the length so crucial wasn't in the slot. Just load the drive on the up. It's strong wind blowing across the ground sometimes as a batter. You expect that the board from the left hand will swing into you. So you're making that accommodation hitting inside the angle. It's not the biggest of rounds and that can sometimes put a little bit of pressure on you. Because you think you've got to get to a big score in the excess of 19,200. Roach and Roach dismissed on the very first ball. Kumari Adaf looked in good touch but McCoy again with the angle. Clipped on side. That's brilliant. From Risha Pan there's an X-Fuck so about him. I was just talking about making a point that this is not a big round and India are 23 for 2 and 2.3 over. 15 deliveries both. 23 runs scored but I lost 23 runs. 18 have come in the form of sixes. So this is a six hitting ground. It's a back out up in the Caribbean Premier League. That's a domestic T20 competition. This venue hosts the most sixes per match. 15 on average. So spot on there on Gavaskar. Expect lots of sixes. Not Sri Akumari Adaf. Sri Asairi Shepant coming off the mark with sixes. Look at the last 10-20 international matches here. The average flissing score quite low. Might be inclined to thinking that it's difficult to score runs on this surface. In those matches of course the conditions were a little bit different. In recent times the pitch here was quite competent. Compact from the preparation. Compact from the work that have gone into this facility because Haswolsted the recent T20 domestic competition the Caribbean Premier League. So. There's more need to underestimate the quality of the conditions here. Lofted drive. Just held back by Nicholas Burran brilliant work. Yeah, X and work from the skipper. Showing the way to the rest of the steam. End of a third over at 27-2. New building option. The first one. Deployed by Nicholas Burran or Dean Smith. Non-faising for 18 and his two overs in that first match. He was a little bit expensive. I still want to back up to the effort we've seen from Albert McCoy. I'm going to have to go back to the first match. Nicholas Burran would feel happy that he had the option to decide if the battle wall first chasing. Statistics show that teams have been more successful in the 10-20 international. Six out of those 10 being won by teams chasing. So because of the small size of the boundaries you never could tell what's a good total batting first. Yeah, and that sometimes can put a bit of pressure on you because you think you've got to get to about 2-20 and trying to do so. You could be dismissed from about 160-1-70. But it's a few wickets early on and don't really recover from that. It's your right innocence on grounds like this small grounds. It's always better to have a target in front of you. Couple runs. And I think that influences what a captain does after we're in a toss more than having a look at the pitch. Back in the day you'd have a look at the pitch and you'd say, OK, listen, this pitch looks like it might hold up a little bit, might be a little slow. I might run a bat first. But on small grounds with the kind of hitting ability that the batters have these days, you're better off. Chasing a total. That's good running by the Indian batters over there. But in Smith had the chance of restricting these two for a single. And has slid past the ball which allowed the extra time for Richard Punt and Stria Sire to complete two. But the other thing I looked at is Indian what they've done into the international in the last 12 wins that they've achieved. Eight out of 12 matches batting first and the average first in the score quite high. 173 which is remarkable. Soynovative. Richard Punt using pairs. Very skillful with the way he goes about scoring boundaries. What you spoke about, India can do 173 as an average panic first. The reason is you've got players like Richard Punt. You've got players like Sire Kamarriado. They go hard from ball one. It was 17 for two when Richard Punt came out to bat. And he's batting on 17 of six deliveries. It's a new approach from this Indian team that they'll go hard. They know what sort of target they want to set. They're not worried about being pulled out in this version of the game. There you go. It's India. Just start a reach. And they get two though. I reckon there was a chance of completing this catch. Azari Joseph just taking his eyes off the ball for a moment. Slow down. All hung in the air for a long time. Of course the win would have blown that back into Azari because it comes from that not easily direction. And of the fourth 40 for two. I'm going to have to go. Right up over. Change of ends for Azari Joseph. Just saying with that point of India batting well through time up in T20 International. I also feel that they have a greater amount of experience. That for a charmer. And the top three top four to analyze the conditions. A couple of those times playing in foreign conditions away from home and still being able to score big. And above par. Take a look at the first game against the Westonies 190. And it's another one. The bounce. The factor that got the better for three Asiah. This is a huge wicket for Azari Joseph. Well the change of enters work for Zari Joseph again just a little bit of extra bounce. And I'm going to say I'm trying to be that over by. He's got to go for 10 India for three. The new batsman for India. The new batsman for India. The new batsman for India. Cutting under the ball expecting a lower bounce. The shot was on but the hardness of the new ball. The surface as well. Creating a further challenge for the Indian batters. What type of response we can't expect from Hardik Pandia. The next one. If you look at the bowlers lengths in this innings. 44% majority of the team gold are short. They realize there's a little bit of bounce for the for the tall seamers. The roll it's Sharma falling to that little bit of extra bounce. As the stress I hear. So again the bowlers have. Have realized what the pitch conditions out in what lengths they need to bowl to exploit any weaknesses in that Indian batting line up. There's that bounce once again. I played it well in Hardik Pandia but you just had him popping for a bit. What you were asking about Hardik's approach will be I think you've got too often there's most explosive batters at the crease right now. I think his approach is going to be this. He's going to seize every opportunity he gets. The triangle hit boundaries first boundary of the innings. They've all been sixes. This is the first four of the innings. We'll see a locker of this from these two. They'll be aggressive. They'll try and put pressure back on the on the Western these bowlers. Maybe a little more cricket in strokes from Hardik Pandia. Rysha Punt will be a little more innovative. Defends well. He's in the over and eight runs considered 48 for three. We've had a frenetic start to this second T20 international here at Wona Park. They have continued to score freely but they've lost three wickets and hasn't stopped their progress. Odin Smith will continue forward. The Westin is an expensive list over. So the lengths that have been successful on this surface that back of a length test length 68 meter length. Just about there. The batsman really can't play that drive. They have the score on the up. I'm Yuan I will mentioning about that length in particular. After the Samir Bajray. He has that length that six to eight meter length straight on the wicket. See the extra bounce off. Obed McCoy. Getting the prize wicket of Rui Chama. Yeah, first ball of the contest. Nicholas Brown winner to us and decently the ball. That length again. Surprising. Rui Chama additional bounce. And then first ball of his next over. Getting the edge of sky. And then Azari Jouze picked up a wicket off his own. But in and amongst all of that. And they have still scored one four and four sixes. The game plan seems to be to go hard. At the ball it. Earlier. Last World Cup in there was a bit conservative. But they're coming hard at you. Up and over the leverage. And with the wind. And yet another six for India. Reigning sixes in the ball. Bring up the 50. With an offer. Shot and wide. Hitting with the breeze. And here at one o'clock once it goes up in the air. It's usually gone. You can't hit that length. But you got to be straight. Wicket to wicket. That's what audience needs to do. Yeah, just pull the weight. Hardic Pandia. Not to show the reason for that. So it's a dead ball. In terms of the lengths that West Indies have rolled in the Flurist T20 as compared to this one. So they've realized that anything full. When the slot can quickly disappear. So they've made that accommodation. The line to is equally important. That's it. That channel. And the line was also important. No room on offer. And smashed. Straight to the field. These five sixes inside the ball play. The most sixes for India. And the last one. The final delivery in power play. The ball to be balled by audience Smith. Crash but the highest protection in the deep. And so it will be just a single. So the power play done and dusted in there. After six 56 for three. The nation of the power play. From the empire. Current runner of Indian 9.33. They have scored healthily in T20 international. Since that will come in 2020 to in particular. And I can say in the new baller. It's been very good. Very, very good. And that first T20 picked up one for 14 and for his best returns. What was so good about what he did at the rubble was the length that he operated from. Had the ability to get some grip on that surface. He'll need to assess the conditions here quite quickly. And he will know that if he balls anything slightly full. Because of the short straight boundaries. Can't go the distance. Ball into the left hand and punch. Well, he will be hitting into the wind. The longer of it besides 68 meters. I want to utilize anything that you can. Interesting to see the peace at which he holds as well. Well, he helps it backward of square. He plays this shot with regularity and competence. Richard Bant, a strong scoring area for him. Some length on offer. He knew Akil Wussien who balled that ball back over the length. He could seem coming inside the line of the delivery. To hit it. Find a way from that deep backward square leg. Akil Wussien might have to ball a touch fuller to reach Japan. But he does ball fuller. He does hit it into the wind. And he does got the wickets. Another wicket for the West Indies. Ordin Smith takes the catch. Success for Akil Wussien and his first over. And in there. Well, they continue to lose wickets. Great adjustment by Akil Wussien. A touch fuller is requested. Richard Bant wanted to get it over the boundary. Wussien wins the battle. Bant gone for 24. In there, 61 for 4. And he is on his 3-0. One-two player wasn't until that. Just 4-0. Wanna play 1-0? Using another wicket? New wicket to wickets. here. A venture, Jadija. This is the reason why he's here. Aculo C made the adjustment in the length. Richard Pan taking on the fielder and the gate taking on the Gale Force win. Had to depart. Another ball off and picked up a wicket in his very full hand. This is over. I can't see anything. It's the big of the two boundaries. It's a strong wind. Nothing of connection to clear the fielder. Jadija is down the track. Just out of the reach of Aculo C. And the adjustment he made as well. He's the piece in which he delivered the ball. Richard Pan had to use all his power. Successful over. A four Aculo C in comes to an end. Seven overs gone. 63 for four. Two. Three. Three. Three. Two. Three. Three. Three. Five. Three. Three. Two. Two. Three. Three. Three. Three. Three. Two. Three. Four. Three. He's a bowling champion. Right arm over to you, aren't it. Cors casual in the top of the West Indies 2022, the second of five T20 international and they of course won the three-match Rodiai series 3-0. We just enhauled the new ball up for the West Indies. At what stage, Darren Sami, do you just ruin it back a little bit if you're in that Indian team? 63 for 4, they're going nuts but they're losing, we can do they continue with this or do they ruin it back just a little? I think two experienced partners at the Chris. They've played a situation, the beauty is they are going at 8.7 runs and over. So they might have got some time, if Danish Karthik back in the shed we know how destructive it could be finishing an inning. So these two will realize that India needs a partnership. And they will just play the situation accordingly. It's up to Nicholas Purren now to find a way to break that partnership. Yeah, wicket here and then DK and the ballers. So India will be cognizant of that, the public, very action-fapped first ball of the match wicket. And then some glorious shots along the way. Syria to my yard up, showing his full range. And all that before he was skillfully picking up two pants, used the pace. Too much peace on that occasion for Syria's Aya. But a really good start in terms of the number of runs scored. The West Indies have countered and counter-punched to pick up four wickets and we know who shall wickets are. Yes, and it's a game plan we had as a West Indies team to go hard after the ball in. And when you decide to attack, you present a position, opportunities to take wickets. So often you would, West Indies would put somebody like a Danish rummaging up the order just to absorb some overs. Take the game deep. As you could see, they last over. Hardic and Jadej are just looking for the singles. They would know how important it is to take the game to the 15th over. I suppose that healthy start just allows them the opportunity to settle in. 67 before after 8. Nick, you want overdown, want overdown. Come in on that. With love, spirit. Danish got to come on the ballers to come for India. Still 12 overs remaining. We'll continue. Good start for him, good start for Jason Hula. Just four runs he's considered in the last over. So a nice couple overs building here. For the West Indies. Also you've not seen shot in aggression. We've seen these two batters just trying to consolidate. West Indies winning in the wickets column so far. Don't be foolish. I feel we see her in length. Hardic pander will not let it slip away. Just getting something from the surface. Accu-lucin. In their win into this game with two spinners. And a pander. Just look at his baton strike rate for the different bowlers. This type of rolling at his facing is at least preferred based on that graphic. As well as legs spin. Confirmation of that there. West Indies down in Samuel will also be mindful of the overreach. Remember in that first game they had to pull their final two overs with an additional feel in the inner circle. But these dimensions here that would be suicidal. Oh man, you don't want that. Strong breeze. Strong. Bondries. Another solid over from Accu-lucin. Just two runs coming from it. 69 for four. Identical figures for Joseph and Smith. Number 21 from 21 for 21 from two. With expensive from those two. I'm showing that first the 20. Open the core. And then the first one. And then the second one. Three four, two. I'm showing that first the 20. Open the core. And Accu-lucin, bowl. It over's. But just 44 runs. Other bowlers. Extremely expensive going over 12. He was picked up in the wicket of Rasha Pan. The first delivery he pulled to him. It was helped backward of square. Piece on and he used that piece. There's benefit and then he made that adjustment slower, shorter and wider. And he got the wicket. Always important to think on your feet. Last couple overs were so darned. The West Indies have really pulled things back. And that's what wickets does in cricket match. You take wickets is the easiest way to slow the run rate. 16 runs of 3.3 overs. 16 runs of 3.3 overs. That's the effect of India losing his wickets so earlier. Yeah, that means now that they have to play that consolidation role of these two. Pan, 18 from 18, Jerezha 6 from 10 for a lot longer than they might have liked to. We saw West Indies taking wickets. Different intervals in the first Audiite. The last two overs considered 38 runs. The Danish Kartik finished the in and for India. Similar pattern is developed. Rhe Charmer said he wanted them to play fearless. And he gives them the license to go after the bowling. So now the momentum is in West Indies fever. Keep it in their favour as long as possible. Another wicket here would be called the funicular spirit. In the gap, we might be looking for two. Adjust the single and another good over. From the West Indies, 6 runs coming from it. Half-way stage off the innings in there. Better returns for Jason Haller. The two overs just producing 10 runs. As evidence there, loose sky scrapers. Okay, time again. That's 6. Wonderful use of the feet. Hitting with the turn. Good signs if you're an in and fan. Well, I think Ravindor Jadija is going to target for Sen. And he said with the turn. Shortboundries. Just getting the top edge, going over the wicket keeper Devon Thomas. And have a chance. And then the top edge. And then the top edge. And then the top edge. And then the top edge. And then the top edge. And have a chance. But another adjustment made by Akil Hussein. It's been wonderful to watch the left arm spin in action. It just was just you're reented there. Didn't know where the ball was. And then the ball in Akil. Akil, Akil, Akil. Coming Akil, Akil, Akil. She's great runs, boy. Time to cap Ruffman Paul runs around. Cutts it off. If you have a look at the graph and the man had it. It's pretty much like how my salary looks at the start of the month and at the end of the month. Could be a graph of that as well. Thank you. Thank you. Freshest dog delivery from Akil Hussein. Seeing that element of surprise from him. The wider slow delivery that got the Wigit of Rishabhunt. Turn. Significant turn. Chance of a mistomping. You'll have to look at it again. 11 overs gone 84 for 4. One good turn. Akil. No wonder Akil Hussein is welcome. The most economical ballers in T20i since 2021. As you can see again, a little bit of stuff coming out of the bench, but that don't end Bounce. We're spoken about the bounce for the medium pieces. Very first delivery off the sitting. Drawing a shot round with a little bit of extra bounce. This one had a bit of a third. And again, that last delivery emphasizes the fact that you're not looking at the pitch and making decisions anymore. You're looking at the size of the ground, especially on a small ground thinking this is better off knowing what target we need to chase because of this was a big normal sized ground. You think you'd want a bat first. Have a look at what happened in the last delivery of the last over. Significant turn and bounce. Diardic Pandia did well. His back leg was in there for a while. It had been difficult for Davon Thomas to affect the stomping. That's where he went. He just lost his radar a little bit over there. Did Smith. You're just going to see if he was trying to bowl something different in terms of his grip. Smith has to ensure that he is more accurate than his efforts in that first delivery. He's going to be able to do any international. Fingert delivery two deliveries ago that went down the leg side. He's got to kneel the length of the line. That slapped away for six. Yeah, you knew a six to the moment of death about simply by the sound. Born hitting Willow May. That was beautiful. He said this before and said again, Diardic Pandia when he's on song. It's such a joy to watch. I know there's a lot of debate on Diardic Pandia's ability to bowl. But I think if he's in form as a batsman with the kind of striking ability that he has, he's got the ability to play as a pure batsman irrespective of whether he bowls on it. He's got a few of us for you. That's a bonus because it gives the team a bit more balance. And they can mix and work around combinations. But just as a batter, the kind of ability he has, explosive hitting ability. You've seen that in the past. What a wonderful cricketer he is. Missed out in the first match. Here with the start 27 from 24, Hardick Pandia. Real game changer he is with the bat or with the ball. Of course recovered from a stress fracture. Which is always a difficult challenge. Racharma spoke about India experimenting with a different style in T20 cricket, ensuring that the acceleration in the power play is followed by a full acceleration in the middle overs. So said that he doesn't mind stumbling on a few occasions if things don't go right. It's good freedom and liberty to his players. Well, I'm the kind of person that he has at his disposal. Things will go right more often than not. Expensive 1-12 runs from the over 96 for 4. Top 4 already dismissed. Rishapant, the highest score amongst those four at the top. The score at the rapid rate. So allow these two to get themselves settled in. Nickles Brown will already be thinking about his ballers to ball the last five. Surely a much better start from Alzari Joseph who made his debut in that first match of the series. I'm sure Obet McCoy would be in his plans to finish leading off. McCoy with two overs just conceding 10 runs. He's got the placement right though. The timing was a little off. And again, I think that's the right way. I think that's due to the pitch because we've seen the ball hold up just a little bit every now and then. Are they planning on 30 of 27, Jereja 18 of 18? The current rate they get to about 158. I think if they get to about 175, I think that'll be a really competitive score. Rishap Swing from Hardick Pandia just not making the proper contact. Very good so far from Alzari Joseph. The variation on this piece. 100 comes up for India in this the 13th. Your first 15, 33 second in 44 deals. Please lost a few more wickets in that period. Plus, all the field restrictions being a little easier. What's the approach here? Anzari Joseph just might entice Jereja to hit into the win, hit square off the wicket, leg side. Closes the ovo out nicely. The second one is going to be a bit of a break free. But in Smith was wayward. He sprayed the ball in different directions, his lengths inconsistent. Very different to Albert McCoy who was a pick of the ball as so far. Accurate with his ability to ball across the right handers. The ball is going for his partner with the new ball as Alzari Joseph. A lot better with his bowling in this second match. Seen as economical as ever. Should be two. Of course, Jason Hull, that coming off a break. And it's not easy when you haven't played competitive cricket for a while. You get straight into international cricket and produce with bat and ball. Like the fact that Nicholas Burrann is using him in the middle phase of the innings as against in the par play. That for his par play. It's not easy but his confidence will be pretty high after this bell so far. 2.1 overs bowl. 12 runs considered. That's a pretty good effort. And players of that ability, players of that experience. The talent and their ability is not in question. It's about whether they can just get that confidence going at that form going. Nils Ayoko. That's a brute of a delivery from Jason Hull. Reminding you of the beauty of this federation of San Quits and Nevis. Lots of ecoadventure. Opportunity is to relish the beautiful beaches here. Quite a bit of history as well. It's a wonderful holiday destination. San Quits and Nevis. Rimmstone Hill. History behind this beautiful island. So captivating. I think it's a very good place to go. It's a good place to go. Of course, a this ground named after famous British explorer. Tomas Warner. Develop the foothills. British colony on the island. Catch it is a pride. And Odin Smith does it. Maybe on the second attempt. Hold up with his first wickets. Absolutely smash that. But unfortunately for him. When straight to Odin Smith. I was hit so hard that Bobbled out of his hand and he had to take it on the second attempt. Well, that's how well Hundik had struck that ball. Few feed here and then that would have been six. Hundik goes for 31. It's 140 five. This partnership of the ennings broken. 1443. Incomes the finisher, Danish Kartik. Over earlier than where he came in that first match. And Dagen John really timed well by Hundik. But unfortunately for him and unfortunately for Nguyen Smith. And he first hit. I mean the partnership broken at the right time goes looking ominous. 43 run partnership. That between Janaja and Hundik. And then the first one. Off the mark. An exceptional over from Jason Holer. Conceiting four runs and picking up the vital wicket of Hordik Pandia. 105 for five. All right, I'll get to your hand. Come on in. Come on in. Come on in. Come on in. Jan, boys. Hundik. Hundik. Hundik. Hundik. Hundik. Hundik. a very good position. A key who's seen for his final over. St. Finishes last over in his complement of point that fuller's game. He's also got a new goal. He's got a new goal. He's got a new goal. He's got a new goal. He's got a new goal. He's got a new goal. He's got a new goal. He's got a new goal. He's got a new goal. I'm going to throw in that fuller's game by the eleventh. Nickle is put on with no option but to use his seamers to finish the innings off. I mentioned at the toss that Ritcharma will three overs of spin in that last five in the first game. Spin very much viable last stage of the innings. Yeah, I know what you're saying when you say you had no options and it turns the spin going in that first game but if you have a look at that first game was an exceptional links from DK which really took it away. Had India on the mat at 1.30 for 6 and there was that man on his screen that Danish got like better magnificent innings. Now the peel. Don't create it in the empires mind surely with the angle. Yeah, Nicholas Spurran. Getting some advice from Devon Thomas. He said it was going down the leg side. Yeah, again a little bit of turn there in that last delivery. Good length. Couple deliveries ago there was an appeal for LBW. No review taken by Nicholas Spurran. He's been on Pires call. So. Yeah. Couple deliveries ago there was an appeal for LBW. Yeah. No review taken by Nicholas Spurran. He's been on Pires call. So. Superboe from Akil Hussein who completes another wonderful spell. One for 22 from his 4. One on 9 for 5. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. the Akelu Sein, fallen up on that 1-14 in game 1-122 in game 2. And really putting the stranglehold on India. And the period post the power play in the half-scored only 53 runs in 9 overs and they've lost two wickets. And the recommendations to the West Indian bowlers and what they've been able to do since that early on slot. Sorry Joseph. And you can see from the field, Darren Sami, that it will be quite evident he'll be asking the left-handed jadeja to hit towards the offside, the big side into the win. And perhaps similarly for Dinesh Kati on the his legs eye. Game plan should be pretty simple. That game plan just a new holder used to dismiss Hadith Pandia. He is to access that bigger end of the field. This should be bang in the middle of the pitch. Just as you predicted and he has that protection down towards Deepbumpersquare. Three figures, four figures and the one-sided of the boundary four. The right-handed Dinesh Kati for the left-handed jadeja just has the three. Why did he shoot the third man? Cover points on the boundary low-move. And straight away you can see what jadeja was trying to do. He was predicting the line and trying to score on the onside, almost spooned it back to the bowler. Good balling from Alzari. He followed him, stuck to his left. Took the pace off. Almost. Hadim. That's where, that's the crucial point of this inning. Westin is kind of close out. The high-end opportunity to close off last game. They didn't. Last five overs in game one. Cost them some 59 runs. Quite expensive. Double deliveries ago. That shot from Jadeja. Falling agonizingly short of Alzari Joseph. Additional bombs that this surface offers as well. That shot perhaps a little more difficult. This is good. This is really good from Joseph. Excellent. Something you did not see in Traderon to Bego. Rolling his fingers and keeping the ball away from Jadeja. Two runs of the over sofa. Can he close it off? Westin is will want him to close it off. Malitas closed it off. Just a single three runs in the over. An economical spell from Joseph after an expensive first. 16 gone. It's over Makoi. Two of us remaining. We will pull two from this end. And Obel Makoi. Specialist in this format. Alzari Joseph. Very expensive in his first over. Went for 17. 12 in the next three overs. Pulled his left back. Lots straighter and executed. The plan very well. In the previous over. Rolling his fingers. No pace on the ball. I'm going to cross the off side and push it. A little bit further. From Obel Makoi. An extra. So often before the last three or four overs in the T20 inning. You see the ballers execute that good length. Which has been very difficult to hit. And all of us said in the go to the Yorke. And the ballers. It's a case of trying to stick to what works as long as possible. And the weekend is offering enough to use the surface. And forcing the batters to hit against the breeze. And then you go up in the air. Ruffman Paul set us on it. And he completes the catch. Another wicket for Obel Makoi. Another wicket for the rest of these. Great execution of the dimensions of this ground. No pace on the ball. We all know how the Indian batsers love to use the pace. But never took his eye off it. Reverse cup. Great catch by Ruffman Powell. Another wicket for Obel Makoi. Jardinja Gorge for 27. It's 115 for 6. This herring has got time of the season. And she has plenty of movement and she's got fun. Each turn Lindsay did two marbles. In 10 wird, she's got threeında go. so far from Obed McCoy. Has been quite exceptional in this game from the very fullest ball where he picked up a wicket. This was the wicket of Jedeja slower ball. And a lot of height and no distance from Jedeja. Every time you're in Ashwin. He bites him for India. He's got a lot of height and no distance. Slow ball yet again. For 22, the best T20 international figures from Obed McCoy. Three for 15 here in the second game. It was despair in the last game. Very poor on the deciding partnership in the game. I start. We will feel Danish Karthik. Good over. Five runs from it. One 17 for six. Five. Five. Five. Just to remind you, the rest of the team is joining us. The West Enders won the taw's earlier today and decided to bowl first. And also, as a reminder, in the lead, there's five Mat series one now. The West Enders are trying to level things up. The New Baller 4. The West Enders are very expensive. 33 from 3. The ball is final over. Very crucial over. 18th over, often times considered. The momentum changer. Start off with the dot. And you could see he's running back to his mark. Last game, they had to board the last two overs. We've five fielders inside the circle. And it was this pair at the crease right now. Danish Kartik and Ashwin put in a partnership of 50-2. Well, that's it in the gap. A lot of wet pays on. And too easy for Ashwin who glipfully accepts. First boundary in five overs. With fun offer. And as we've seen on this weekend. Gotta keep it straight. That weekend to weekend. Or the Smith very expensive. That is brought about a change in field. Down semi. The third man comes into the circle and deep men. And the first one is the one who has the right side. On the one side. Which I thought he should have started with. Given the end as he's bowling from. That's much better. Talking up. I asked him to score on the one side. The bigger side against. Well, into the window. And it's a bit of a change. But it's a spectacle. Might have the same feel for Danish Kartik. The one that if Danish Kartik will switch it or try to do something innovative. Well, you know he has it. Play the situation. Let's see what he does. I might have touched something on the way through. The line is very crucial here. Third man in the inner circle. So any smidge on it could be very costly. Danish Kartik not happy with this score. Just questioning the empire. Good for modensmith. Just a single. Did decent over. Contacts of things for modensmith. Six turns coming from it so far. That's all of his spell. Can't do much about that. In an vote from Ashwin. Completed spell with a boundary. Odensmith. Not for 43 from four. Two of us remaining. 127 for six. A few more. One more. One more. One more. One more. One more. One more. One more. Projected scores with Wendier. Wendier. There will still be harbour and hoops of B, B, B, 150. Can't do get 23 runs in 12 balls. That's out. Another wicket. Four. Orbed McCoy. The important wicket of the Finnisher. Danish Kartik. Finisher has gone. Danish Kartik. Trying to come inside the line of this one. He did over the short fine leg. Could not get past Azari Joseph. Orbed McCoy picks up his fourth wicket. Danish Kartik. Could not finish it for India because for seven. 127 for seven. One leg. Left arm, over, fight the gun. One more. One leg. Left arm, over, fight the gun. One more. One more. One more. One more. Really good delivery. Again. Not too sure if there was anything on that. But might have hit the ground. Boblis Schwerkumar, the new batsman. For India, for Bet McCoy. Karabespeg is so far. And T20. International. Previous best. For 22. For Daren Sam, he sends that powerfully. Well, Weston is considered some 56 runs. Quite a number of sixes as well. They have done remarkably well. Excellent. It's more. Danish Kartik. Absolutely no pace. To help it go over the short fine leg. Well, this could be a five for it is a five for first five wicked hole. For more Bet McCoy and T20 international. On what a star for the Weston is brilliant. Simply brilliant. For Bet McCoy. Stick it to the plan forcing Indian batsers to hit the ball against the breeze with the field set. What a moment for him. Aspen goes for 10. 128 for 8. What a game. This man is having open McCoy wicked with his very first delivery. And now he's. Celebrated in a five wicked hole five for 16 in his fourth over again. Stick into the plan that wide line and finding the field well positioned by Nicholas Puran. A good catch on Odin Smith. An elation for McCoy. Looking to make it a six wicked wall. He still has one delivery remaining. But this has been absolutely phenomenal from the real McCoy. Last time he would have been here in the CPL playing for the Kings. He was injured. Trip back to San kids. Prevent really good for open McCoy last ball of his spell. And that last ball is a Dutch exceptional stuff from all over McCoy. There is a review as well. So might have another week. Let's have a listen. Character have a review for a card behind. It's a fear delivery. The original decision is not old. We have front-hand spin vision please. But appears to be very close to the bat. Let's move with ultra edge. Okay, let's wait in on ultra edge. Ultra edge is still building. Ultra edge coming up. Flat line, flat line, flat line. Keep holding. Thank you. Take it back. Could you take it back? Right there. Right as the ball is sitting beside the bat. There's a spike. Leslie. You'll have to change your original decision of not old. To old, I'll tell you when you're on screen. You're no on screen. Make your signal. Wow, wow, wow. Another wicked for all that McCoy make that six for 17. What a match from McCoy. He doesn't realize it just yet. Well, he realizes it now. Absolutely brilliant. Best ever figures by a Western young in T20 international. Historic for all that McCoy. He's been simply sensational. That's the end of Buchnisch where Kumari goes for one in the end. 129 for 9. Ashley Singh finally makes his way out to the middle. Last batsman before in the final over Jason Holer. Given the lanes and given the truth and he from Ashwin results in a six much needed for him. Harvest back up on not the length you'd want. With me to up in the circle. Jason Holer has to be a touch straight up. Activate the leg side. That's what he needs to do. Connection again from Arvish. Just a single this time. Really swings lustily doesn't he? Arvish Khan. He's just a little bit too wide. But you can't understand the plan from Jason Holer. We did say at the top of the show. We're going to make use of that new ball. It will come on nicely onto the back. India did that in the power play but they lost so many weekends. This is a little fall shortly. No chance of a catch for Irfan Paul gets Avish Khan back on strike. He's going to have to show if these two are expecting to be out in the middle for the final over. But they're there. Looking to get past 140 as close to 150 as possible. Westinies will want to keep them under that. Clean them up. Excellence from Jason Holer. One of the Indian ennings dismissed inside 20 overs. A brilliant delivery from Holer. Winning the toss was Nicolas Buran putting India in. Result, 148 all out. In the chase. Well crashed away. And that will dribble into the boundary. A good confident start from Brandon King. Well if you had to sort of capture the essence of the game so far. It could be described in the first tell me that Westinies ball they got a wicket. The first tell me that Westinies have faced a better boundary. So diametrically a poor start from the two teams. Straight away there's a sweeper on the off side. Straight away he's mid. The adjustment booth in terms of line and length. The second tell me that Westinies will come out. The stupid place. India know that they've got to pick up wickets. And both teams are one and all teams globally. We'll be looking towards that T20 will come in a couple of months time. Not too far away and looking at the combinations. And where players will be slotted in. I want to see these two players King and Mears open the batting. Every single game in this series and in the next series against New Zealand. So that you understand their rules. They understand what needs to be done at different stages of the innings. So when they get to that will cut qualifiers. They have that experience that bank of knowledge to rely upon. As opposed to chopping and changing. Don't mind too much with the ballers and in the middle but what top order has to be stable. You don't mind a bit of chopping and changing with the ballers because it gives them a bit of rest. But as far as the batters are concerned you want them to get into rhythm, get into form. Have that confidence of having scored runs leading up into that World Cup. Richama speaking to Diane Ganga the toss and mentioned a bit of flexibility with some players and in some positions. But inflexibility with others. So himself at the top that's a given that's a muscle Richama opens every time. Perhaps DK will be the finisher. So that's an unnegotiable and then sitting specialist rules with the ballers as well. Who balls with the new ball who balls at the death. So there is room for some flexibility. But in other areas you need to concretize what you want to do. Please over gone. The rest of the middle. Let me left arm over to you. 133, 114 balls for the rest of these. Ashdeep Singh. The other opening baller for India. 24 from 4 in game 1. Up and over. Then get the connection as he was looking for mayors but intent quite clear from him. I think the West Indies battles realise they've got to try and make the most of this public play the first six overs. But they're in line in opportunity for India. If the West Indies play a bit of a risk. It's not the easiest surface to bat on. Yes it's a small ground and that's why you see a lot of sixes. But as far as pitches go this hasn't been an easy pitch to bat on. Yeah in the gap. Well guided well controlled from Brandon King. That was sublime. That was an excellent shot as he said well guided always in control. Didn't try to hit it too hard. Again working the dimensions of the ground working the angles of the ground. That comes with experience knowing certain areas within the ground that you just try and time get in the gap and more often than not you'll get fall. In front of square in front of point this time. Good connection. Good placement and good result for Brandon King consecutive boundaries. Or this is an excellent start by the West Indies. Two back to back boundaries for Brandon King. One just behind point and the other in front of point. Where he's moved on to 12 of just five deliveries. It's a difficult end to ball from any bit of width on offer to the right handers. It really reuses across the boundary on the off side. It's Ari Joseph in his first over considered 17 from that end. A skillful slow ball from Ashdeep into the surface. We'll see quite a few of this throughout the course of the inning. Yeah just roll his fingers or this is what he's known for. Not the quickest baller on the circuit but what he does have is a wide repertoire of different deliveries slower deliveries back of the hand. Balls de Yorke really well. Shoot the field of this time from Brandon King. Ashdeep saying played for Punjab Kings in the IPL. Some 14 games he played. Picked up 10 wickets and an economy of 7.7. Ball a lot of the difficult rovers. It was quite good at it and forced his way into this senior setup. Really commendable from the young man what he's able to do is body of work in that tournament. And certainly a bright prospect for India. Not the slow ball. Two overs gone. 16 or thought loss. I think to come for the West Indies. I was interested to hear. Roach Irma the captain. Bumeshwar Kumar just have a little chat which was picked up by the stump mic about what the field should be. Feast trying to bowl slower deliveries and what the field should be. Feast just going to bowl. A normal delivery. Clear lines of communication between the bowler and the captain. And that's important. Everyone's on the same page. And also many experienced players in leadership positions in the field for India. Edge on four. Not intentional from Brandon King. But he will take it. They will take it. West Indies will take it. Good delivery from Booby. More electric for the bowler. Four runs to the batsman. Open the fees on contact. Brandon King. Perhaps didn't give him enough credit for that shot. Good start. Good solid start from the West Indies. It's important to lead that platform with a good partnership. Preferably for the first week. If not the second week. And to play positively. Sometimes there was middleing scores. You can go out and but tentatively. And then all of a sudden the askinery climbs. And you feel pressured. Through the middle over. So it's important that they still look to score in these poplars. Get as many as they can and make it easier through the middle and the back end. Yeah, I always felt that one should try and get that required rate down in the power play. From what it is, what the original rate is. So at the moment the original rate was 6.95. They've done one to get down to 6.75. But if they can get it down to a runner ball by the end of the power play, they'll be really happy with that. Yeah, Roach are just again emphasizing the fact that on this surface this pitch anything can happen. You will bring two can be a collapse. It's not an easy surface to bat on. Seven runs from that over. Three of us gone. 23 with all lost. So, how he is getting hit high, how he is coming throughout this team. 1982. the final king has faced majority of the deliveries so far. Calmier has yet to get into his stride actually will continue. The system with that line. I want to do some for the right hand. the The the ball. He's got to be able to put his body on the line. Really tough as a feeling that that's a real awkward bounce because you're not sure whether you want to dive forward. Just hold back a little bit. So well done, Bovneesh, welcome back. And Ashieb has varied his piece quite well. Isn't given the batsman a little bit more than the first one. Consecretive deliveries of the CMPs. Well, just again, another example of what you were saying. Just him wearing his face a little bit like another slower delivery. Myers was well into his shot before the ball reached him. And that's one of his strengths is ability to mix it up. And still can't get to the way. Really good stuff from Ashieb in the first D20. Had the wicked of Karl Meers. With a delivery that sort of held in the surface on shore of whether the player ought to leave Karl Meers and Indian presented an easy catch. And this time he's presented a free hit. He's got a good shot. He's got a good shot. He's got a good shot. He's got a good shot. And this time he's presented a free hit. To Karl Meers. An opportunity for him now to really open up his arms. He's threatened for the previous couple of deliveries without much success. And can he capitalize on this gift. He's got a strong out of the way. He's got a good shot. Well he does. Powerfully drilled down the ground. Almost decapitated. Brandon King. Yeah. That's a good thing he dug. Because otherwise there would be. Right on the helmet for Brandon King. But I've been heaviest. The head that wears the for Brandon King. I just wonder if that boundary sort of opened the flood gates now for caromias. Yeah, absolutely right. Sometimes as a batsman, that's all you need a little bit of luck. And in this case, luck coming in the form of a free hit. The fact that Archdeep overstepped. And as he rightly said, sometimes that can just open the flood gates. Another slower ball from Archdeep and the length of the slower ball is so important. Really good. From this young man, we also used to see in slower balls, more to the middle and the back end of the linings. But he's using them so often in the middle. So often in the power play. Dr. End, four was gone, 29 without loss. And the last thing he is 29 without loss. The similar stage in the game was speeding along 40 for two. Often times they say it's not how you start but how you finish. You're baller four in there. Jadaja. Quite accurate usually. I think this has been an interesting phase of the game because I think Rambunjadija has got to be a handful on this pitch. I think it's going to be easy. Ready speeds through his overs. He's trying to find that gap through the offside, non-existent gap so far. Through deliveries, through dot deliveries. He's trying to find quickly both in terms of speed and time. He goes through the on side and this time he gets the gap. Another four for Brandon King. Yeah, trying to pierce the gap on the offside three times. Once it's successful, four times we said this and I'm going to try it. See if I can get a little bit more happiness on the next side and he does. He's going back to trying to the offside. The same result, finding the feeler. So four dots and the four. The reinforces the offside are ring through that region now. Final delivery. Just a single five runs coming from that Jadaja over. Five over has gone. 34 without loss. The command is pressing forward. The number stands up and around the top shoulder. If you want a more fun, there are a lot more participants which can be hosted here at the Santam刀회heim Hall Abble場 planned. As we stand, the 139 We've witnessed some Supreme Entitement in the first half of the game We'll bet McCoy with the best Figures in T20 International by a Western Union 6 for 17 And you're still looking for that first wicket King and Mayas doing a very good job with the bat first up for the Westerners in this run chase As we welcome Ravi Chandra and Ashwin And also welcome Darren Sami in the commentary box Good afternoon Sami Good afternoon, Dango Watch what's start here by the Westerners openers New ball seem To be the easier time on the pitch to bat Very done king, faces up to Ashwin And how many Westerners will be happy with this start but for me personally I think works also very important is The batting order set by the Westerners in this run chase and going further in the series Jason Hall that batting at number three didn't work in the last game And I'm sure many would debate the number at which Nicholas Puran and Chimran had my should bat in this Western in 11 I personally feel Nicholas Puran should be your number three He could set the tone good technique as well And I think knowing the type of person he is he wouldn't mind batting over as well Especially when you make a move you look at the opposition and see what's the strength and how effective that move would be Swept leg side against the win but it's in the gap one bounce into the boundary that's four more Brendan King in his element Ashwin pulling from around the weekend Brendan King coming inside the line of this one With a sharp fine leg on squallag inside the circle he just had to get it over Takes the score on to 40 Loved a drive This is so so good from Brandon King He's batting like a man possessed He's trying with Ashwin first the sweep then the use of the fit And as we've often see you hit it in the air it normally goes over the boundary For his Ashwin to change his angle He's in this particularly Brendan King not letting Ashwin settle in his first over Todd delivery to end a good over for the Westerners 12 runs from it after the first bar play 46 for Todd loss He's trying to get the first round Of course India going into the second t20 international with only two genuine spin options Avivish noi being replaced by Avish Khan Vishnoi picked up two for 26 in the last game Another seam option deployed by Rocharmam Clipped leg side fielder sattles and catch taken So the break through finally comes off the bowling of Hardik Pandia Is it an opening? How often do you see that? Only thing with this delivery he was forced to hit against the breeze Kyle Mayer's flicking this one I could not get past Ashwin He did pass for it where he's loose the first weekend for the sixth for one I'm going to have to go to the next one Nicholas Burran strides in at number three And to continue that composition he averages 37 His highest average comes at number five 39 his average they would have striked great of 144 So he's equally good in those two positions number three number five I also agree with the fact that Nicholas Burran should bat just on the cuss Of the end of the first ballplay he's so good at handling the middle phase of the innings So for me he's not so much about batting position It's about all the players who are in the first place I also agree with the fact that Nicholas Burran should bat just on the cuss Of the end of the first ballplay he's so good at handling the middle phase of the innings He's not so much about batting position It's about over remaining in the innings And daily you want him to bat minimum 14 over So have the chance of batting it Also like Hitmeyer getting a similar opportunity These two must be the core for this Western and batting in T20 internationals I'll tell you why And this at my age himself averages the highest in T20 internationals At number four and number five 24 the striker it's of 120 25 That's a striker it's of 129 That's giving me better than number six Which in my estimation Is too low in this Westernian side with the resources available to Nicholas Burran Noticing the fact that they can play spin well especially against this opposition in the middle phase It's crucial for the Westerners getting success with the bat That's Nicholas Burran, different positions, number three and five Best batting positions You also have to understand early on he had the services of DJ Bravo Karim Polard was in that lineup as well Just enough bat to get him for Brandon King can do no wrong Bring up the 54 Westerners You all open up King Love Room outside the Orc star Put him back in a way to make that extra room Very good response from Hardek Pandia The defensive Yolka produces a dot delivery End of the 7-52-4-1 Here's scored at the first ball player to run 3-9.3 Westerners just losing one wicket in the Bar play As compared to India You're losing 3 Aveshkan has a decent matchup against Nicholas Burran The three occasions he's bold team he's got Nicholas Burran out twice So Rich Sharma using the matchup as a guide to him getting success Maybe Go so far Not quite intended but he'll take it nonetheless Watch closely you could see Nicholas Burran opening the place of the blade To access beyond backward point And Rich Sharma would also know he needs wickets In order to step the floor of runs and have a chance of winning this game He needs wickets upfront That's a mighty one That's huge The monger 6 from Nicholas Burran Wow Wow, what a wow, what a wow There was a song in the set, Lucie that says that That was disbouched Shotball, not advised because Nicholas Burran is eating with the breeze this time He's 90 meters out of the corner park As a very low center of gravity in his stance Nicholas Burran is a short man so he steers crouch Allows him to get under the ball especially if there's length on it And he knows that if he gets under it and swings the leg with that strong wind Loading across the ground We'll get full value Just saying with our conversation with Nicholas Burran and Shimmer and Hetmay in terms of what positions they should bat Remember Shimmer and Hetmayer Of course still holds a record for being the young displayer to score a centri in the Caribbean Premier League Number three when he achieved that So statistically as well We want to give him the best chance for him to perform and contribute significantly in this Western inside Totally agree with you there Darin I think in any format especially the Whiteball format You often hear your best battles have to bat the bulk of the overs Now in T20 with the likes of Powell and Jason Holder Ordin Smith these guys are marked as your finishes But if you have guys like Burran and Hetmayer Batting overs and taking the game deep You all know how destructive they could be I also want to say that when you look at what Hetmayer has accomplished in the one-day international arena His first one-day centri came against the UAE batting at number three His last one-day centri came against India That's the fifth centri that is scored in that format Also came batting at number three That brilliant 139 he scored against India So he must be given the chance to bat as many overs as possible And up to 864 for one The comparison pretty close in terms of runs A little bit of a golf between the two teams in terms of wickets West of these in a strong position And we just speculated we're hoping that Hetmayer will walk in that number four position But I just want to finish on Hetmayer and see that I think As a batsman he's so highly skilled that he can play the finisher role As we saw in this year's IPL for the Rajasthan Royals But he can also bat in that top four And set the game up four finisher's So there's an option for the Wessonies I'm talking about how well Hetmayer played 15 matches in the IPL 314 runs I'll just strike with over 153.9 Two Average 44 So he can do it I think in T20 cricket you heard Rory Sharma said it at the toss It's all about the situation of the game That would be a white butt When you have Calibur players like Nicholas Peron, like Hetmayer Like Ruffman Power There's not a set place for them in the order Ideally you will start with your openers and you put your top six But it all depends on the situation of the game Because if Peron is slated to bat at number four or three And a weekend falls first up You could decide Send another batter like they did in Trinidad and Tobago But I also want to see the matchups A left-hand right combination Especially when India had two bowlers that could spin the ball away From the right hander you don't want to create that easy Matchup for the captain so I believe you'd want a left-hander to upset The plans of Rory Sharma or your position Many times you still also need to assess what sort of waiting you give to a left-hand right-hand combination When you have two supremely talented players like Nicholas Peron and Shimon Hetmayer That left-hand right-hand combination has to get a lower rating and waiting Because these two players they can rotate strike They can count to spin from the opposition So there's no need to have a left-hand right-hand combination You can bat them one after the other Especially the way you look at the battles to come Ruffman Power is having an exceptional year in T20 cricket And also I think with the World Cup coming up It's about fine tuning your squad Probably nine out of the players in the 11 would have cemented the spot Look at the areas where you need stability And start preparing your men for these positions Quick single, surely Rory Sharma It's in the process of doing that with the options We've seen alongside him at the top and at number three End of the over 68 for one And Brandon King on the cusp of a half-century in T20 international He's 44 in quick time Herdek Pandia with the solitary wicket That of Kyle Meyers who struggled a bit to get going Nicholas Burran taking responsibility to bat in number three He's stitched a 22-run partnership with Brandon King Good start And the rest in this chest Remember they only Chasing a target of a hundred and thirty eight Oh my god Smoking really smart from Burran One of the few players who can't rotate strike We're all taking many risks Hedmeyer is another one But naturally Without ability to rotate strike And not consume a lot of dot deliveries And when you have players batting so well in the middle phase Of the innings that puts pressure on the captain In terms of his bowling changes Sometimes ballers that you hold for the last five They need to return to ball in the middle phase There he goes, you speak like a true captain Lofted drive didn't get hold of it Catch taken Burran Didn't employ a convincing stroke Just pulled out at the last minute And he will have to go Big wicket for India The price we get of the captain I'd love to see the pace of that delivery Burran not getting to the pitch of the ball Slide turn on offer Great catch taken by sky Burrani parts for fourteen Westies lose the second we get seventy two on the ball Burran Well well well, she won't have my abiding That's it Number four in this lineup Really good to see This was a dismissal of Burran Like I said, not fully to the pitch of the delivery Still trusted the bounce You could see Ashwin taking all the pace After the delivery, forcing the battles To generate pace and power Not often I've seen somebody get caught Long on when the ball has gone so far in the air At this venue At Maya of brick Keeps him quiet That's what he suggests Twenty seven is quiet That's a strike right it Very quiet in T20's Daren Ganga Less than a runner ball This game has a ball Take that strike right any day in the international cricket Not in T20's But it's a good move to see Nicholas To see hat Maya number four Also what it does It gives the batter confidence Ten of us gone seventy three for two Fifty six Fifty six from sixty balls for the Western Leaves To level the series In a solid position if not altogether comfortable at seventy three for two Brandon King on beaten on forty seven He want to be there to the very end Shaman Maya Pretty new to the crease just a solitary delivery he's faced Andi Pandia Two of us one to ten has been quite good Need to continue to get wickets to stay in this game in there And Rangavasca what they've done well Is that they've kept an additional feeler in the inner circle To try to cut that single We're here in of course, St. Kitts St. Kitts and Nevis the federation Really beautiful part of the world Lots of water sports So many activities Fine dining as well Really tourist attraction If you haven't opportunity to visit these parts Please ensure that you do You chowd might have pitched outside the line And results in an over through So it gets the single in the end Like by will be signal Just asking whether or not to review I think he decides against it Or a chama You just think it pitched outside like stump Yeah, that's why they didn't review it But you're right in terms of that extra feeler That India got Trying to keep that pressure build that pressure on the Westernian batters Very level of favor 64 now required from 57 You just get the feeling Those turns and twists that you spoke about at the start of the innings Are still around the corner Couple of wickets here And who knows what can happen Normally you'd say 64 from 57 With 8 wickets in hand Should be a walk in the park But not today Keep repeating myself It's not an easy surface to bat on And that's why I pick up a wicket or two In the next few overs There'll be a lot of pressure on those Westernian batters Absolutely and that's why in my mind Brandon King holds the key He's very well set 48 in 36 Understands the pole in attack And it's offering the surface and what it's offering And therefore Should try to ensure that he's there to the very end of the innings Can you afford to get out and have two new batsmen at the crease? Swabore Just took off Across the left hand And not much he could do with that Offcotta Just look at that As you are mentioning one Something in that surface makes it a little bit tricky Well and you said to a right at the start of the game Where you said that this might be a sticky surface Something might just hold the ball up a little bit Where it over So far just two runs from it can you close it off Hardick But he does more than closes it off Apparently he's got no wicket We just have to check whether or not The wicket keeper took it cleanly But from all appearances He did The players will just have a conversation And they'll make a soft signal And see if this is too hard a pandew has gotten a breakthrough We'll just a bit confirmation Soft signal is not out Aircatch, the soft signal is not out TV and pat director of a review for a fear catch Soft signal is not out It's a fear delivery I've checked the front hotel already Could you give me a front on please Okay that's us, it's ultra-adjusted right here Flatline, flatline, flatline I'm satisfied there's a spike Could you move straight on follow through Follow through through the catch Keep rolling, keep rolling, keep rolling Keep rolling, keep rolling Keep rolling Can you zoom that for me? Do we have anything else? Can you zoom it? Okay, could it take it back on and roll it again? Okay, thank you Okay, let's wait in Okay, I'm satisfied Could take it back, take it back Take it back Okay, I'm satisfied, the ball clearly bounced My decision for the big screen is not out My decision for the big screen not out My decision for the big screen not out Well almost for Pandia not to be falling just short of Richard Panth And Hatmeyer survives 11 overs gone 75 For two For two Who was a definite pitch? That's for sure, just short, difficult for Richard Panthinoe Because he was diving, he was rolling, he was moving So you can understand him not being certain Just beating that side screen to change to the block Rocky Almost a breakthrough run in Gavasca Well, tell you what, I know in my day there would have been a few wicked keepers who would have pretended that it could have been completely jumped up, done the high five celebrated Hatmeyer was walking He saw Richard Panth's reaction and then decided to stay put If he had walked I don't think there would have been a review So well, so fair play to Richard Panth In the gap We'll get four marginally short from Ashwin but so quickly onto that Hatmeyer That's a cracking shot As you said, just marginally short wasn't that short but just so quick to seize The length of the delivery and an excellent footwork to get himself in a position to pay that shot And what a jaffa as a response from Ashwin Some bums and some tin Fortunately for him, he didn't edge it and stayed in his crease Run and King on the cusp of half century Another one And gets it, gets the landmark his fourth T20 international half century His first against India, good enough so far from King In West Indies 82 for 2 I think we'll get it One minute, one minute, one minute Quite a 8, 7.13 for the West Indies It's a hand quite important Arvindra Jadeja the Rockstar We'll take up the attack For India Just a solitary over for him, number five And such an uncomplicated game plan from him, wicked to wicked good lengths And that's the sort of shot he wants you to play across the line of the delivery a lot Pays that he bowls can just hustle you And get you either RBW or bowl So Jason Huller being bowl in the first game And Shemma might be a little bit more comfortable against him And what this he should be As that leg slip As a touch and a feeler And hits it straight back to the bowl Arvindra Jadeja gets the breakthrough for India Much needed wickets And this time hit Maya has to go Yeah, he's the trump card as far as India are concerned And trying to defend the stonut was it hard but he's a phenomenal feel that Ravindra Jadeja Simply phenomenal Hit Maya goes for six Stereoiter Yes, front-end Covered up I'm not seeing anything from that angle do you have anything else for sure me Okay, okay, I'm satisfied my decision for the big screen is out my decision for the big screen is out Yes, that's the screen Just a rear fume that this missile of Shemma and Maya Clean catch taken by Jadeja New batsman for the best in these Devon Thomas Got in to the squad for the second game Automatically I India realized that they pick up a couple of wickets here now And it's a whole different game That's why Ravindra Jadeja was slipped That's nice deep lane Soft hands 53 from 43 now Yeah, that wicket from Jadeja was his 50th T20 international wicket Such a splendid performer for India across format huge out just beyond side line They'll consider the review Rachama Think about it and his review that Review for LBW the original decision is not out TV on pat director of a review for LBW The original decision is not out it's a fear delivery I have checked the front foot already could you move on the front down spin? Which at least Well seems to be very close to the bat can you assist with ultra edge Ultra edge common Flat line flat line flat line flat line as a ball passes the butt flat line So we from the gloves well flat line I'm satisfied no butt or gloves involved could you move into ball trucking Ball trucking coming up Pitching outside off in back outside off Leslie you will stay with your original decision of nut out I'll tell you when you're on screen you are no on screen make your signal This is Jan Appel and not out it remains And 30 novas gone and Western is 86 for three We don't like Final over from Ravi Ashwin You could kind of sense why Rachama decided to review of Brandon King he knows of important that we could is if you can get Brandon King and have two new batsmen out there We'll have those twists and turns that we've spoken about pick single You're absolutely right It was worth taking that pun even though Jadija was saying he thinks it's outside of stuff but just assessing the match situation and thinking this and if I can get Brandon King out just on that off chance So you can completely understand the thinking behind taking that review We'll gather four With the perceived turn Brandon King very well set took a gamble and gets the reward Yeah, it was right in the slot for Brandon King He's got his front leg out of the way full swing of the bat And through the offside Excellent feeling Sorry I couldn't get up show is his athleticism there Using the shape of Ashley but it's not Ashley it's Sky Ashley would love to do this holding the whole field brilliant And Ashwin is trying to get the wicked I don't mind this from him his bowling slew is sliding the ball a bit he's asking King to take him on and this is what they need the need of wicked they don't need an oval of just two or three runs Wouldn't mind getting hit for a four but if you can get the wicked it will be worth it Yeah, and that's exactly a thought process because you could hear Risha put behind the stump saying Lappa Madhane which means like let him take a player big shot And of the 14th 94 for three Somehow Gabriel paddy contra software. Had this a Oceny s got it Engine key son が into that blue room. Seven wickets in hand. 45 from 36 and Jideja. Into his third over. It's one of those. Jace is where you don't want to leave too much of the last two overs. Summer's gonna take a risk in one of the next two or three overs. Trying to have a big over. Who's taking the risk? For me, it's gonna be Thomas. Because this is a tricky pitch to bat on. You've got a man set who you want now to be there at the end. So if summer's gonna take a risk here, it's gonna be Thomas. That's nicely that round. You should get to. And that Dragon King played the way he is playing. He will hit the boundary when the boundary board presents itself. But at the moment, if you're gonna take a risk, be aggressive. Play a few pre-menendent shots. It's gonna be from the other end. It's gonna be Thomas. Missed you from Ashwin. Results in an additional run. Not ideal, especially when you have relatively low score to defend. I hear you with that recommendation of Thomas taking the risk if needed. 100 up for the West Indies. So 39 needed now. And we're heading into the final five overs. And single to end. The 15th. 101 for three. And the after 15, they were 109 for five the West Indies. 101 for three. I had on wickets a bit behind on runs, but the required rate of just 7.6 wouldn't cause any sort of panic from these two out in the middle. And for those to come. Afternoon, Darren Sami. Game well set up here for the West Indies. They have a set battle in Brendan King. But it really well so far. But the job is not done. It needs to carry on. The Vontommas looks to rotate the ball around. Get the odd boundary here and there. It's only a required rate of six 7.6 runs for over. No need to go ahead the sculptor just but through the others. West Indies should be victorious. Just maybe a little more intent. Aves Khan because you might expect a few bar deliveries from him. When you look at the ballers to come, Boveneshwar Kumar with two of us. He's usually very disciplined. Aishdeep, quite economical in his two of us and you expect that he'll be the same for his remaining two. So you might want to keep your eyes extra open for a scoring opportunity here. It was definitely a limited thought box. And it's not well. My goodness did that ball the way it did. She had power from Brandon King. As you said, look to take your time to Aishdeep. Aves Khan just the only change in the Indian lineup. Brandon King looks to focus from ball one. Ball them. He moved quite early Brandon King. Aves Khan must be complemented and credited. He nailed his york and got a wicked. Exactly what West Indies did not want. This just been hit for six. Brandon King exporting his stuff. And you know the saying, you miss. I hit. Brandon King gone well played 68. West Indies, 174. We here from political dimensions Come either down with the ball up it waist up and then girls away, сбb. mental illnesses. Brandon King's eight other. Leelana Pel Linux goes back in a while and then goes back in the middle. Christian Thompson's Janisinghand. earlier this year. Healthy strike rate. Real power player. Was there any need for Brandon King to move on a attempt another boundary because that's something that he was searching for. And that's the only way India could get back into this game. Is by taking wickets. Don't give the opposition a sniff. Things. I'm not going to give you a chance to start. On a difficult wicket. This wicket of Brandon King will give Rage someone his man confidence that if they get another one, if they get another West Indian wicket they're right in there. And that's why I was saying the job is not done. Yes, you've gotten to 60. In the good teams, the great teams, you take your team home. Another dog delivery from Avishkan. I also think there's no need for these two batters to panic. There's still a fair bit of depth in this West Indian batting lineup. Jason Holer still to come a kill who's seen. Who can strike a long ball or didn't smit along with Alzari Joseph. You think that if there's need for a 21 or 20 run over, these batters can achieve that. But Darren, you saw how difficult it was for the Indian batters when the West Indian bullers executed their plans. It's not easy to hit against the bris and get boundaries. Sixty-novas gone, 108 for four. West Indian wickets falling in the seventh, the tenth, the 13th and the 16th over. Not in clusters. That required rate. Well within reach. Aship Singh as expected returns with the ball. Now, Sami, what should be his length at this phase of the innings? You saw Obet Makoi operate from this end. She's the Pavilion in. You look at the field. Two men. Deep on the leg. He's known for his jokers. Will he execute or go wide? He's sticking to his strength. It's got to be a courageous man to bowl the Aucklands at this venue. Short straight boundaries. Well, do you move from what is the greatest asset? Do you simply say I'm going to do like Obet Makoi did and got six wickets? And just forced the West in these battles to hit against the bris. But India need wickets. So I think he's going jokers. I think he's going to be a good shot. He's going to be a good shot. Tavantomas is thinking leg side hitting with the wind. Outside of sublime. With pace on the ball. Every dot ball is golden. Daring. So often you've seen one team cruising. All of us are in two new guys at the weekend. Few dot balls under the pressure builds. Another dot delivery pace off the ball. Tommas looking to play on side. No contact. Pressure building. Deliveries here. Plenty of offer in the surface. We spoke about it at the top of the show. He did that good length area that's six to eight meter length. And change of pace proven to be the best way to operate on this surface. Two dots so far. See Devon Thomas grouping that bat so hard. Change in strike. I think I noticed about Ashdeep saying over the course of his career is that great ability to change up his lengths. When you look at the field that he set this up for Devon Thomas. You think that he's going to go Yorkers all the time. Old one Yorker out of four deliveries went length twice. And then bull that defensive Yorkers well. So he is quite unpredictable. As a bowler you can't really premeditate against him when you're batting. He pulled the Yorker first up to power. We legal length now. He did change of pace. He is doing exactly what Bruce Hammer needs at this point in time. If you're not getting weak it you stop in the flow of runs. The run rate started at seven. It's now 8.8. So far three runs of this over. Critical delivery for both teams. Can he close out the oval or will the Westerners get a boundary? Just a single superb stuff from Ashdeep. Just four runs from the over. 17 gone. 112 for four. Getting a bit tight. 27 from 18. We've just witnessed a really good over from Ashdeep Singh. Stock with his length but he was not afraid to change. And create that element of surprise going forward going shorter on occasion. And that all important. This is good from Rwichama. He brings back. Hardic Pandia. Who operated from the Peruvian and uses cutters to the left handers. But now two right handers are the Chris. He's balled him from. The other end. And I'm expecting him to use his cutters. Fawcing the right handers to hit against the bridge which are. And he's been on this weekend and it's been very effective. Yeah. Just short. Plant nearly working for Indian Rwichama. What do I show my standards he's gone with the farm bowler. When I say farm bowler bowler who's born with really good form in this game. If you have a look at the bowling card. He's got two hours. You're going to bowl the 18th and the 20th. Jardajah has got one over left. He's going to be two hours from Boomnage one. One from Jardajah. But who we went for 12 and one is two. Hard things gone for 12 and 3.1. And he's picked up over. So he's gone with the bowler. Who he feels has got the pulse of the game. The rhythm of the game who's understood the pitch. How to bowl on this pitch. So I think it's a good move. I'm going to be able to do it for the weekend. I expect another slowball into the weekend. Slaped. And Miss time. Luckily for Ruffman Paul. Falling short of that feeling cover. The field suggests that. He will take pace off the ball outside the awesome and put pace on. With the four fielders sweeping left side. Two balls from Hardek Pandia. Who they've got gotten two wickets. Great creeps up to 9.3. But the boundary or two here from the West in this. Swings it back. Stends all around. Get it in the slot. Not quite a Yorker but straight enough to prevent. Devon Thomas using his arms. The really need a boundary now. The Weston is. Well, this has been an excellent almost about three singles coming off it. Required rate 9.60. Hardleaks doing a job. Where's the boundary coming from. I'd like to see some innovation. Maybe that round shot using the pace. The room shot is easy. When bullers are looking to bowl Yorkers. But the way Hardek has set up this over. He's gone slower ball. No pace. Full Yorker. Devon Thomas did not read that. No. No. Textion. No more position. Just a single. Going well so far for Hardek Pandia. What's Rupant Paul thinking now. Well that's slower shot delivery once again from Hardek. What's Tom was going to do. And he got 11 of 13. He's got to take a risk. He has to take a risk. Even if he paddles the fine leg is back. Maybe give himself some room to hit over. Point. Nails it. That's massive. Off the middle of the bat. And Thomas delivers. Small in size. But that doesn't matter. He judged the length. Hang back. On the back foot. Strong risk. I'm cutting through the weight like my shots of D. No problem. Last delivery of the over. Ten so far. Make that 11 so. Good over for the Wessonies in the circumstances. 18 overs gone. And 16 more required. And the last one. There is some power there. But in Smith with a striker of 150. The competence of Jason holder. And a kill who's saying with the bat should provide comfort for the Wess Indians. And take anything for granted in T20 cricket. 16 from 12. And a bit of a conference here by Rocharma and his baller. Long side. Hardick Pandia. Pandia finishing his spell. One for 22 from four. Superb effort. Now hitting with the win. And the baller. Time for Rocharma Paul to show his worth. It's been excellent in T20 this year. This is called a hundred against England. Went to the IPL. But it has five. And he's got a few games. Amazing strike rate. I know he's looking for that Yorker. Any moment. As deep misses his length. We will be in a dangerous position straight back. From the baller. Change of field. No filter behind square leg side. It's going to be. I'm thinking it's going to be a. Into the pitch sort of delivery. Rochman Powell knows he'll be hitting with the win. Got him stand up upright. For them. Males as Yorker. Rochman Paul flicking across the line making no contact. And it's another twist in this innings. Well, excellent bluff. But I'll just be by getting the field placed in such a way that made everyone think it was going to be in the pitch sort of length. But no. Went full up. Yorker leg hits the stops. Excellent bluff that. Go to five. It's one twenty four for five. In Smith. That strike rate. Will be handy. For the West Indies in this situation. Excellent bluff by. As deep. You could see. Powell in no position to play that ball. I think he was expecting. A back at the length shot ball. Because of the field. Set. I could see he's just standing in the crease. It is interesting to see audience Smith and not Jason Holder. He's running from behind the empire. So the batsman is a little bit blinded starting right side running. Behind and coming. Wrong. Not conventional, you would say. A couple of wrongs. A couple important runs for the West Indies. Yeah, Captain Roy Chappell wasn't happy with that throw. Come to be in. I think he's going to be in the middle. Can really make sense to have that. And consider next to run. Two in terms of sighting with the insmith will only. Get a sighting of our ship Singh when he pops out halfway through his run up. Starts from way behind the empire. The man in the miss. This is getting too close. 9.75. Come on down. We'll take 13 of the last over any day. I want. On this surface. That's the question. On both surfaces. Yes, but on this surface it's going to be tricky. Especially hitting against the breeze. And I'm assuming we've an issue with Kumar. We ball the last over. Very skillful baller. West Indies don't want double digit. It's all just one good work by Halleck Pandeyer in that long off position. Bunger is needed. Definitely. Got Justin Holden in the shed. A kill who's saying. And that's where you could be proactive. And then you could be a good player. You could be a good player. Access both sides of the field. Left on right combination. Forces the baller to change his line and length. I hear you. But I had a guy who strikes at 150. Sometimes you just need the experience. Last ball of his spell. Wingo for boundary. Crucial runs. Use of the feed by Devon Thomas. Six runs from the over and a wicket. 129 for five. 10 to go off the last six. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. Well, it has come down to six deliveries. 10 required by the Westerners. India making the decision to ball Avis Khan. Surprise at Bhuvaneshwar Kumar. Wasn't given the responsibility in this last over. Rangavaska, are you surprised? Yeah. Well, look, are we? You've got someone of Bhuvaneshwar's experience, his capabilities. Just remind the viewers that. There is a super robot. If this, if this goes a tie. We love a super robot, don't we? Everything is happening today. Maybe because of the pace of Avis? Straight to the field though. It's making good connection but he can't find a gap. Has to be smart about the way he goes about scoring these. Even Devon Thomas who's been there for 17 deliveries. It's a no ball. Cutting off scene here by Avis. That is not what you want. Sit down, Gangaish. Smile in the convocs. If you're an Indian fan, this is not what you would like. Overstepping. Another legal delivery for West Indies. Now, it required from six. Under free swing. Cut. But high and high and those for six. What a shot. Thomas the hero. People might have crossed the rise in the 11 today. This is why. Devon Thomas. The man from Antiga. We're from Alpha. Stop it. What did point? West Indies on in it too. To level the series. Devon Thomas who's beaten. Surely the West Indies can't slip up now. Two from five. Roach Sharma. Stop it. You are in the field. Keep me, David Wicket comes into the 30-yard circle. Here is Avis. Cut. In the gap. I should run for four. West Indies win. What a match with witness. Attempts moment. for a full bit McQuay with the ball.